Rename 'developer/development credentials' to 'user credentials' (#9500)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Troubleshooting/refresh-snowflake-oauth-credentials.md

sidebar_label: 'Reconnecting to Snowflake OAuth after authentication expires'
---

> When you connect Snowflake to <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> using [OAuth](/docs/platform/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth), dbt stores a refresh token. This allows your user credentials to remain usable in tools like the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> and the dbt Semantic Layer without needing to re-authenticate each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you connect Snowflake to <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> using [OAuth](/docs/platform/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth), dbt stores a refresh token. This allows your user credentials to be reused in tools like the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> and the dbt Semantic Layer without needing to re-authenticate each time.
```
